Karzug, the Runelord of Greed has been defeated. Varisia can finally be at peace.


The "Heroes of Varisia", as they've come to be known, revisit the cities one last time to be sure the Runelord is truly gone and that Varisia is on its way to making a full recovery from the evil that threatened its existence.  The bustling city of Kaer Maga; the small town of Whistledown; the great city of Magnimar; and finally the town of humble town of Sandpoint, where the heroes are greeted with celebration and a sheriff who looks as if the weight of the world has been lifted from his worried heart.


After the festivities, the heroes share their last meal together, reminiscing over their journey and saying their goodbye's.


Ember returns to her homeland
Aberan stays in Sandpoint to help rebuild, hone his craft and get some well-deserved rest
Karn? I don't know, does orc things
Peebo and Seran set off for more adventures to see what kind of trouble they can get into

...

It's been a year since the defeat of Karzug the Runelord of greed. Ember and Aberan have been able to find peace after their adventure, though they still keep up their skills in case they are called to fight off evil once again.  Peebo and Seran have recruited a third party member, one to contrast their small statures with some intimidating muscle.  They spend their time "con'ing" the rich, the greedy and the selfish as they find productive ways to use their unique skillset. Their new member "Brienne" doesn't always agree with their tactics, but she feels she is usually able to keep them in line and that their ultimately doing what's right. Even though they are a strong group, evil seems to rise up and meet the challenge.  The party has gotten themselves in over their heads with very powerful enemies.  It turns out they're not the only ones who know how to "con" and most of their hard fought gold from xinshalast was stolen.  Seran Peebo and Aberan still share a telepathic link, and Aberan wasn't surprised nor very sorry when he heard the news.  But the young party still presses on anyway with Peebo now focusing on how they can recover the lost fortune.

...

One day while in the city of Magnimar, "peebo's gang" sees an enourmous ship pull into port, bigger than any they've ever seen and having a "magical" quality about it.  The city is abuzz with rumors about who is on it why they've come to Magimar.


The next day news spreads that the ship is traveling the world looking for its strongest fighters to join in a competition, a competition that promises untold riches and glory to its victors.  Naturally the gang is intrigued and confident that they have what it takes. They see it as a chance to prove themselves and regain the fortune they've lost. But, even with their confidence they know they stand a better chance with their old friends. Peebo and Seran ask Aberan to join them.  Just as they do, they see a swirl of flame above their heads, and suddenly a huge "Auroch" appears before them...

[TO BE CONTINUED]


Brienne pulls out her giant great sword looking for their attackers and wondering why Peebo and Seran haven't done anything yet.  She see's them smile and now seems very confused. They look at Brienne and chuckle.

"Aberan, Ember...where are you!" Peebo yells "When did you learn to be so stealthy!"

Laughter is heard from an alley behind them as two figures emerge.  The heroes are reunited and introductions are made as Aberan explains how the ship had just stopped in Sandpoint and he knew they gang was in Magnimar.  He knew Ember was getting bored so he decided to recruit here and surprise the gang knowing they would never pass up the chance to prove themselves.
